Where is this Shen Yunning?
Didn't answer the phone
What are you feeding Shen Yunning?
He left through the back door of the villa
I don't know where exactly
I didn't answer his phone.
I can't find him now.
How could it be? Then you can look for it again.
What if he comes back?
I'll tell you right away
Song Zeyu, your mother told you to go home
Mom and Dad, can't you see someone else?
Look at what you've done
The face of Lao Sun's family has made you lose everything
I've done nothing in my life
Apologize now
Does an apology work?
Lao Sun always taught you this way
Engagement
The company is going public
You are having an affair outside
Make people's bellies bigger
Uncle Song, calm down
This was originally a problem between me and Zeyu
Don't let you hurt your body.
Look at you.
Xiao Lan is still so generous
You learn from others
Uncle Song, don't blame Zeyu
I must not have done well enough
Can't keep him
But I really love Zeyu
I want to have a good time with him
But Xiaolan
It's so hard for you
Auntie must educate this stinky boy well
You will immediately cut off contact with that woman
As for the child who aborted him